updated getting-started with mitigated pitfalls (#984)
matter-labs/zksync-web-v2-docs: docs/build/quick-start/hello-world.md

## Fund your wallet

You can get testnet ETH directly into zkSync testnet using the [following faucet provided by Chainstack](https://faucet.chainstack.com/zksync-testnet-faucet).

Another option is to [get SepoliaETH from any of the following faucets](../tooling/network-faucets.md) and bridge it to zkSync Sepolia testnet using the [zkSync bridge](https://portal.zksync.io/bridge/?network=sepolia).

You can check the balance of your account in the [zkSync Sepolia explorer](https://sepolia.explorer.zksync.io/).

## Create the project

> <!-- 

Reviewer: Please run `yarn fix:fmt` to resolve prettier linting issues with this branch

The repo used here for atlas is no longer maintained, so it's not a good idea to recommend it in the docs for it to ultimately break. 

I did something similar with Chainlink that is running to this day if you want to see the actions file:
https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink-brownie-contracts/blob/main/.github/workflows/add-and-commit.yml

::: info Project available in Atlas IDE
This entire tutorial can be run in under a minute using Atlas. Atlas is a smart contract IDE that lets you write, deploy, and interact with contracts from your browser.

> [Open this project in Atlas](https://app.atlaszk.com/projects?template=https://github.com/matter-labs/zksync-contract-templates&open=Greeter.sol&chainId=300).

Author: ```suggestion
[Open this project in Atlas](https://app.atlaszk.com/projects?template=https://github.com/matter-labs/zksync-hardhat-template&open=Greeter.sol&chainId=300).
```

::: info

> The private key of your wallet will be included in the `.env` file of the project and won't be pushed to GitHub. However, as this means the private key is in plain text, it's recommended to use a private key that isn't associated with any real funds.

Reviewer: I'm fine with this single change for now, but we should update all tutorials that use this same `::: info` tag with this additional warning.

Reviewer: Issue created: https://github.com/matter-labs/zksync-web-era-docs/issues/985
